Jonathan Coulton: The Other, Other, Other John
Published on April 22, 2007.
For some reason or other, today I was inspired to check out The Areas of My Expertise again, and I remembered that besides John Hodgman, there’s another John on that CD: Jonathan Coulton.
He’s the musical guy behind the theme song for the audiobook, which I wish was available in a higher quality recording.
Previously, I had heard him do a cover of Baby Got Back in acoustic guitar, but I didn’t realize it was him.
Only when I went to his website, which has a bunch of MP3s, did I make the connection.
He also has a bunch of other really neat songs, like Skymall , which is about those catalogs you find in the airplane seats that feature gigantic crossword puzzles , and Ikea , which is about the bitchin’ furniture store that my entire family loves.
I read somewhere that Sweden trusts Ikea more than their own government.
Which means that either Ikea is awesome, or the Swedish government is horrible.
The coolest song I found so far (I haven’t listened to all of the MP3s yet) is a mashup of “25 or 6 to 4”, and “When I’m 64.”
The vocals of the latter spliced with the background of the former makes for a really cool, melancholy sound.
I like it a lot.
Check it out:
And also check out his other songs too!